Home Design Software : User Guide

Features:
This software can be used to design houses. The rooms with its furniture can be set up by the user 
as per his/her choice.

Getting Started:
On opening the software a wing appears with three radio buttons.
	1.	User Guide
	2.	Get Started
	3.	Quit
On clicking ‘User Guide’ it the User Guide which you are currently reading opens.
On clicking ‘Quit’ the software closes.
On clicking ‘Get Started’ a new window opens.

Account:
For new users press ’New’ to create an account.
	1)	Enter your name, date-of-birth, UserName and password in the space provided.
	2)	Confirm your password by re-entering it in the space for confirm password.
	3)	Select ‘sign up’.
A new window for designing rooms opens up.

For Existing users enter ‘Existing’. In the new window opened, enter your UserName and password.
A new window for designing rooms opens up.

Design Window:
The design window is comprised of many parts
	A.	Toolbar at top
	B.	Radio Buttons of Furniture and Walls on the bottom left of the screen
	C.	An area where rooms appear at centre
	D.	Object Area
	E.	Editing Radio buttons at bottom right

	1.	Toolbar at top: The toolbar contains various menus like File, Edit, View and Settings.
			
			The File menu contains various options like open, save, save as and print.
			The open option opens a new file, the save options saves the current file, the
			print option prints the current file with the help of a printer and the save as option 
			save the current file with another name.

			The edit menu contains function scale.
			
			The View menu contains 2D and 3D option.
			The 2D option is by default selected. On selecting the 3D option a new window 
			opens from which the current 2D design is displayed in 3D.

			The Settings option does not contain anything. It is there to fill up the lack of 
			any other menus.

   2.  Design Space : This is the area where all the current design is displayed. Each object
			can be moved around by dragging to the desired position.

   3.  Radio buttons of Objects : It has various radio buttons like Bed, Chair, Sofa, Table
			Walls. On selecting any button various designs of the object appear on the right.
			On clicking any design and clicking once more at the desired position in the Design 
			Window the object is placed.
   
   4.  Object Area : In this are various designs appear and a scroll bar is on the farther right of 
			this area to browse.
   
   5.  Editing Buttons : These buttons are used to modify the room design which is displayed 
			in the design window. There are options like Scale, Rotate, Clear and Delete.
			The Scale option
			On selecting Rotate, a small window appears where the angle of rotation should be 
			given in positive degrees to rotate the object clockwise.
			On selecting an object and clicking Delete the object is removed from the design 
			window.
			On pressing Clear, the entire set of objects present in the design area is removed.  
I